# Traveling-Salesman-Problem
Our code that attempts to solve the traveling salesman problem first has the user enter in the cities they want to visit (they choose how many). Our code then uses the Google Maps API to retrieve the latitude and longitude of each city, treating them like points on a plane, and then essentially creates a circle with its center located at the mean longitude and latitude of the cities. We then create a radius for the circle that extends from the center to the "starting city." We then "draw" lines that connect each point/city with the center of the circle. Beginning with the starting city, we follow the path of the circle and record the order that each of these lines passes through the edge of the circle. This continues until we have gone all the way around the circle. The order we passed through the lines then becomes the order we will visit the corresponding cities (each line is paired up with a city, as mentioned earlier).There is some smaller steps of code written in between the lines here, but it ultimately spits out the order of cities, which we believe is for the majority of the time the shortest route to visit them all. This method works for many cases. Our thinking process was that the most efficient route would visit the points in a circular path, instead of crisscrossing and going back and forth. However, our method sometimes fails. The most clear way to imagine this method failing is by picturing a bunch of points that together looks like one circle inside of another. Our method would connect the dots by zigzagging between the two circle of points, which is obviously a much longer route than going in sort of a spiral, visiting all the points on the outer ring first and then moving on to the inner one. We are unsure of how to proceed and would like assistance on a way to overcome this problem in our method.